# ConnectedVehiclesSimData
This repository shares the simulated false information and DoS attack data on connected vehicles from SUMO on the South Carolina connected vehicle testbed (SC-CVT) Perimeter Rd, Clemson, SC. Details can be found in "Comert, Gurcan, Mizanur Rahman, Mhafuzul Islam, and Mashrur Chowdhury. "Change Point Models for Real-time Cyber Attack Detection in Connected Vehicle Environment." https://arxiv.org/abs/2003.04185, arXiv preprint arXiv:2003.04185 (2020)." 

Using the generated trace file from the SUMO simulation, two different cyber-attack scenarios are generated (description to be updated with data shared from toher scenarios): 

Denial of service (DoS) attack: DSRC has seven communication channels using different frequencies ranging from 5.90 GHz to 5.97 GHz. These seven channels are divided into two categories: Control Channel (CCH) and Service Channel (SCH). Channel number 178 is assigned for CCH and channels 172-182 are assigned as SCH. After the initial authentication and key exchange, the RSU and OBU of a vehicle agree to communicate on a single service channel or frequency. Then, a vehicle can launch the DOS attack by flooding the communication channel in order to cause the service to be unavailable to other vehicles. Typically, an attacker uses its maximum transmission capacity to flood the network. In order to create a breakdown of V2I communication, attackers need to transmit more data than the receiver’s (e.g., RSU) maximum receiving capacity. For generating DOS attack data in our experiment, vehicle with ID 6 is flooding at 1000 Hz while other vehicles are sharing data at 10Hz to mimic the real-world CV environment where each CV is broadcasted BSMs every one-tenth of a second. The total simulation time is 200 seconds (s) for generating DOS attack data.

False information attack: For fake (or false) information attack, false GPS location information (i.e., longitude and latitude) of vehicle ID 2 are generated simply using random variable generation library from python. We have crafted the attack such way that it creates random location within a given geo-fenced region so that it seems normal geolocation to human. This false information is also broadcasted by the attacker vehicle at 10 Hz or 10 packets/s. The total simulation time is 200 s for false information attack.
